	accept
Accept declarer's claim.  Must be used by each defender for a claim to
be accepted.
	alert
"Alert some ... text ..." is equivalent equivalent to "explain Alert!
some ... text ..." and is traditionally used to self-alert bids or
carding that is slightly unusual.  "Redalert" should be used for highly
unusual bids or carding.
	autodeal
After a certain amount of time elapses at the end of a hand, Floater
automatically deals a new hand if four people are seated.  To control
the timing, "autodeal <N>" sets the number of seconds to wait between
hands.  With no arguments, "autodeal" toggles on and off whether new
hands are ever dealt automatically.  (By the way, you must be host of
the table for your autodeal setting to have any effect.)
	beep
You may beep someone at your table by doing "beep <name>" (e.g., "beep
Joe Smith"), or you may beep everyone at your table by just doing
"beep."  The bell will ring on the recipient's machine and everyone at
the table will see a message indicating who has beeped whom.
	beepAtMyTurn
There is an option that causes Floater to beep when it becomes your
turn to bid or play.  To toggle the described behavior, invoke this
command.  To turn it off, invoke this command with the argument "no."
To turn it on, invoke this command with the argument "yes."  See also
the options menu on the GUI.
	bid
Make a call.  For example, to bid 3 Notrump, do "bid 3n".  Each strain
is represented by a single letter: c for clubs, d for diamonds, h for
hearts, s for spades, and n for notrump.  "Bid p," "bid pass," "bid
x," "bid xx," "bid double," and "bid redouble" have the obvious
meanings.  Unless you have customized the bindings (see "bind"), the
word "bid" may be omitted ("3n" is the same as "bid 3n" and so on).
	bind
Bind is used to create shorthand ways of specifying any command or
sequence of commands.  For example, "bind typ say Thanks, pard!" would
allow you to subsequently use "typ" as if it were a normal command.
Another example: Blue Club players might do "bind 1c bid 1c; explain
Blue club: 17+ points, any distribution."
	bottom
If you are using the textual user interface, bottom is used to go to
the bottom of the scrolling talk window.  You may also use the scroll
command or the up and down array keys to select the portion of the
scrolling talk window you view.
	bug
Do "bug <arbitrarily long one-line description>" and an email message
containing your description and a dump of some internal variables will
be sent to the Floater maintainers.
	c
Play your lowest club.
	cards
Remind me what my cards were at the beginning of the hand.  May also
be used by kibitzers, with analogous meaning.
	cc
Invokes the textual user interface's convention card editor.  By
default you will be editing your side's convention card, or NS's if
you are not seated.  ("Editing" of a conventioning card other than
your own is really limited to viewing; changes are not allowed.)  The
three forms of the command are "cc," "cc NS," and "cc EW."  If you are
using the GUI, "cc" is equivalent to "ccdump" because there is no
built-in editor for the GUI.
	ccdump
Show the specified convention card (e.g. "ccdump NS").  If none is specified,
show my convention card if I am seated or NS's otherwise.  Furthermore,
you may also specify a range of line numbers to display (e.g. "1-5" or
"23-" or "-9" or just "17").  Put the range first, if any, first;
so, "ccdump -3" or "ccdump 12-16 NS."
	ccload
Load a convention card from the named text file (e.g. "ccload sam.cc")
and make it the convention card for my side.  You must be seated to
invoke the ccload command.
	ccsave
Save your current convention card to the named text file.
	children
Show who gets messages from me in the communication tree.  Primarily
intended for debugging.
	claim
As declarer, suggest to the defense that you are certain of some
number of tricks, and further play is not necessary.  The defenders
will be shown all four hands and may then use "accept" or "reject" and/or
continue playing.  Simply doing "claim" claims the rest of the tricks;
"claim 3" would mean a claim to make 3 of the remaining tricks;
"claim -2" would be a claim to make all but 2 of the
remaining tricks; "claim 0" means concede the rest; and "claim +3"
would be a claim for the contract plus 3 overtricks.
	close
Stop hosting (or close) your table.  You must be hosting a table for
this to be allowed.
	compact
The GUI has two general layouts: compact and non-compact.  Floater
will try to pick the best layout for your screen size, but you can
change it manually with this command.  Type "compact yes" or
"compact no" to try the two different layouts.
	competitive
Turns on competitive mode.  This is the default.  Results will be
reported by email for IMPs and MPs.  (Competitive mode is not relevant
to hearts or rubber bridge.)
	confusing
Display the `CONFUSING' file.
	copyright
Display copyright and warranty information.
	d
Play your lowest diamond.
	deal
Go on to the next hand.  May only be used by the host of the table.
	deiconifyIfBeeped
Normally when you are beeped by another player (see "beep"), your
Floater window is deiconified if it had been iconified.  This applies
only to the GUI.  To toggle the described behavior, invoke this
command.  To turn it off, invoke this command with the argument "no."
To turn it on, invoke this command with the argument "yes."  See also
the options menu on the GUI.
	disconnect
Close all network connections.  You will become a "lurker."  If you
are hosting a table at the time you issue the command, it is
equivalent to "close."
	down
A variant of the "claim" command.  For example, "Down 2" is a claim
for 2 fewer tricks than you have contracted for.
	e (or east)
If the East seat is available, take it.
	east (or e)
If the East seat is available, take it.
	emailchange
This command may be used to inform the Floater login server of a change in
your email address.  (Such changes do not apply to the Floater mailing list.)
You must be logged in to use the command, and you should specify your
full email address as an argument to the command (e.g., "emailchange
bob@aol.com").
	execute
Read a file and interpret the lines of the file as if they were typed
in on the command line at that moment.  E.g., "execute ~/floater/foo."
	explain
Say something that everyone at the table except partner can hear.
This is typically used to explain conventional calls to the opponents
and kibitzers, among other things.
	find
Find information about people.  For example, "find Joe Bob, elmo" will
attempt to find information about the players Joe Bob and elmo.  Any
number of names, separated by commas, is allowed.  Recent information
about a player's location, if available, is among the things displayed.
	follow
Play the card of the named rank.  E.g. "follow k."  Unless you have
customized the bindings (see "bind"), the word "follow" may be omitted
("7" is the same as "follow 7" and so on).
	font
If you are using the GUI, you may change the font size for the matrix
and auction by doing "font large," "font medium," or "font small." 
(To change the font for the talk window, use the "talkfont" or
"talkfontsize" command.) 
	h
Play your lowest heart.
	hideAuction
If you are using the GUI, you may use this command to control when
during the first trick the auction is removed from view.  The command
`hideAuction N' (for positive N) will cause the auction to be hidden
at the end of trick one or N seconds after the end of the auction,
whichever comes first.  The command `hideAuction -1' will cause the
auction to be hidden when trick one has completed.
	host
Host a new table.  Others may then connect to your table to play.
	ip
Display the IP address and port number that others may use to connect
to you.
	join
Join a table.  You must specify the name of the host of the table you
wish to join, e.g., "join moe".  (Alternatively, you may specify an IP
address and port separated by a colon, e.g., "join 128.110.38.14:8765."
Or, to join a table hosted on your local machine, you may omit the IP
address and simply put the port number after a colon.)
	kibitz
Watch over one player's shoulder.  e.g. "kib South" or "kib Joe Smith"
	last
Show the previous trick.
	lho
Say something to your left-hand opponent.  E.g. "lho Is that for penalty?"
	login
Connect to the login server and transmit your account name and
password.  In return, the login server will check your password and
authenticate you to let you play under that account name.  In
addition, a list of tables currently in play will be sent to you,
allowing the "tables" command to give up-to-date information.
	make
A variant of the "claim" command.  With no arguments it is a claim to
make the contract exactly; with a positive integer argument it is a
claim to make a grand total of that number of tricks plus six.
	n (or north)
If the North seat is available, take it.
	newuser
Log in as a new user (see also "login").
	noncompetitive
Turns off competitive mode.  You will play the same hands as you would
otherwise, but results will not be reported by email.  (Not relevant
for hearts or rubber bridge.)
	north (or n)
If the North seat is available, take it.
	note
Set the text that is listed alongside my table's name when people use
the "tables" command.  For example, "note Need 1!"  You must be host
of the table.
	opp
Say something just to your opponents.  Frequently one would use
"explain" instead so that the kibitzers could also hear.
	parent
Show my parent in the communication tree.  Primarily intended for debugging.
	password
Change the password for an account.
	play
Play a card.  Cards are specified suit first, rank second.  For
example, "play c3" would play the 3 of clubs.  Unless you have
customized the bindings (see "bind"), the word "play" may be omitted
("c2" is the same as "play c2" and so on).  In Hearts, this command is
also used to add or remove a card from the set of cards you wish to
pass to your opponent before the play of the hand.
	previous
Show the previous hand.
	punt
Forcibly make a player leave the table.  This command may only be used
by the host of the current table.
	quit
Terminate Floater.
	randomplay
Toggle a switch that, when set, causes automatic random plays or bids
whenever it is your turn.  Intended for debugging.
	readme
Display the `README' file.
	redalert
"Redalert some ... text ..." is equivalent equivalent to "explain Red Alert!
some ... text ..." and is traditionally used to self-alert bids or
carding that is highly unusual.  "Alert" should be used for only slightly
unusual bids or carding.
	reject
Reject declarer's claim.  A rejection from either defender nixes the
claim regardless of what the other defender may have done.  Others at
the table are shown only that the claim was rejected, not by whom.
	retract
Declarer may use this command to retract a claim.
	review
Review the auction.
	rho
Say something to your right-hand opponent.  E.g. "rho What is 2D?"
	s
If the south seat is available, try to sit down.  Otherwise, if you
are seated and it is your turn to play a card, play your lowest spade. 
	say
Say something to everyone present.  E.g. "say Hello There!"
	score
Select the form of scoring for subsequent deals.  The valid uses of
the command are "score IMP" and "score MP."  See also "competitive"
and "noncompetitive."
	scroll
If you are using the textual user interface, scroll is used to change
which portion of the scrolling text window you view.  For example,
"scroll -10" takes you back 10 lines; "scroll 20" takes you forward 20
lines.  You may also use the bottom command or the up and down array
keys to select the portion of the scrolling talk window you view.
	showEntryLines
There are two different text-entry prompts in the graphical interface
to Floater: there is a "talk" entry line, and a "command" entry line.
Entries in the "talk" line are treated as messages to be spoken to the
others at the table, unless you prefix the entry with a slash (/) character.
Entries in the "command" line are treated as commands to Floater,
unless you prefix the entry with a double-quote (") character.  To
change which entry lines you have available, type "showEntryLines talk",
"showEntryLines command", or "showEntryLines both".
	separateTalk
This command applies only to the GUI.  By default, the messages (e.g.,
from people talking) that Floater displays appear in a scrollable box
towards the bottom of the main Floater window.  If invoked with no
arguments, this command toggles whether that is true or whether
Floater has a separate window just for those messages.  It also may be
invoked with an argument of "yes" or "no," with the obvious meaning.
See also the options menu in the GUI.
	server
Change which Floater server to use.  For example, you can do
"server server.floater.org" to set the server to server.floater.org.
Typing the name by itself returns the current server.  Most users
can ignore this command and use the default setting.
	south (or s)
If the South seat is available, take it.
	spec
Become a double-dummy spectator.
	stand
If you are sitting North, South, East, or West, this is the way to get up.
	tables
List all tables.
	talkfont
If you are using the GUI, you may change the font family for the talk
window by doing, for example, "talkfont times."  On some systems, not
all fonts are available in all sizes.
	talkfontsize
If you are using the GUI, you may change the font size for the talk
window by doing "talkfontsize N" for any number N.  The number N is
interpreted as a size in points.  One point is roughly 1/72 inch.
	unseat
Forcibly make a player stand up from the seat they are in.  This
command may only be used by the host of the current table.
	w (or west)
If the West seat is available, take it.
	warranty
Display copyright and warranty information.
	west (or w)
If the West seat is available, take it.
	who
List who is at the table I am at.
	whois
An IRC user suggested that "whois" should be interchangeable with
"find" in Floater.  See find.
	.
Play your smallest card of the suit led.
